<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">

<sect1 id="validators">
<sect1info>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Gardner</firstname>
<surname>Bell</surname>
<affiliation><address><email>gbell72@rogers.com</email></address></affiliation>
</author>

<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS --> 
</authorgroup>

<date>2006-01-10</date>
<releaseinfo>3.5.1</releaseinfo>

<abstract>
<para>The &konqueror; validator plugin checks your &CSS; and &HTML; documents
for conformance to W3C recommendations and other standards.</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeaddons</keyword>
<keyword>konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>plugins</keyword>
<keyword>validators</keyword>
</keywordset>

</sect1info>

<title>The Validators Plugin</title>

<sect2>
<title>Using the Validators Plugin</title>

<para>The validator plugin can be accessed in the &konqueror; menubar under
<menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guimenuitem>Validate Web Page</guimenuitem></menuchoice>.
A description of each subitem can be found below.</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Validate &HTML;</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>The validate &HTML; option allows you to compare your &HTML; document to the defined syntax of &HTML; and reports any errors found.  Validating your &HTML; will ensure that your pages display properly on all browsers.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Validate CSS</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to validate your &CSS; style sheet that is embedded in an &HTML; or &XHTML; 
document.  Having valid &CSS; is critical to ensuring that your web site maintains a consistent look regardless of the browser that is being used.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Validate Links</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to confirm that the links on your site contain no redirects or broken links.  This tool recursively checks all links on a site.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Configure Validator</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>The configure validator item allows you to view the preset validators you can use
to validate your &HTML; and &CSS;.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect2>

<sect2>
<title>Credits</title>

<para>The validators plugin is Copyright &copy;
2001 Richard Moore and Andreas Schlapbach

&Richard.J.Moore.mail;
<email>schlpbch@iam.unibe.ch</email></para>
</sect2>

</sect1>
</article>
