<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">

<sect1 id="khtmlsettings">
<sect1info>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Mike</firstname>
<surname>Diehl</surname>
<affiliation><address><email>madpenguin8@yahoo.com</email></address></affiliation>
</author>

<author>
<firstname>Lauri</firstname>
<surname>Watts</surname>
<affiliation><address>&Lauri.Watts.mail;</address></affiliation>
</author>


<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS --> 
</authorgroup>

<date>2006-01-10</date>
<releaseinfo>3.5.1</releaseinfo>

<abstract>
<para>The &HTML; Settings plugin provides an easy way to access the common &HTML; settings for &konqueror;.</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeaddons</keyword>
<keyword>konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>plugins</keyword>
</keywordset>

</sect1info>

<title>KHTMLSettings</title>

<sect2>
<title>Using KHTMLSettings</title>

<para>The &HTML; settings plugin can be accessed in the &konqueror; menubar under <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guimenuitem>HTML Settings</guimenuitem></menuchoice>. Below is a list of the settings and a short description of each one.</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>JavaScript</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to turn the use of JavaScript in &konqueror; on or off.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Java</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to turn the use of &Java; in &konqueror; on or off.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Cookies</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to turn the use of Cookies in &konqueror; on or off.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Plugins</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to turn the use of the &konqueror; plugins you have installed on or off.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Autoload Images</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to turn on or off the loading of images in web pages.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Enable Proxy</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to enable or disable the use of a proxy in the &konqueror; browser.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Enable Cache</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to enable or disable the use of cache in the &konqueror; browser.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Cache Policy</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem>
<para>The Cache Policy submenu provides you with a way to configure the how
&konqueror; uses cache. The possible uses include:</para>
<itemizedlist>
<listitem><para>Keep Cache in Sync</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Use Cache if Possible</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Offline Browsing Mode</para></listitem>
</itemizedlist>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect2>

<sect2>
<title>Credits</title>

<para> Copyright &copy; 2001 &Carsten.Pfeiffer; &Carsten.Pfeiffer.mail;</para>

<para>Documentation Copyright 2004 Mike Diehl <email>madpenguin8@yahoo.com</email></para>
</sect2>

</sect1>
</article>
