<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article>
<articleinfo>

<authorgroup>
<author>&Lauri.Watts; &Lauri.Watts.mail;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2003-10-12</date>
<releaseinfo>3.2</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>CSS</keyword>
<keyword>Stylesheets</keyword>
<keyword>Accessibility</keyword>
</keywordset>

</articleinfo>

<sect1 id="stylesheets">

<title>Stylesheets</title>

<sect2>
<title>Introduction</title>

<para><acronym>CSS</acronym> style sheets affect the way web pages
appear.  <acronym>CSS</acronym> stands for
<emphasis>C</emphasis>ascading <emphasis>S</emphasis>tyle
<emphasis>S</emphasis>heets.</para>

<para>&kde; can use its own stylesheet, based on simple defaults and
the color scheme you are using for your desktop.  &kde; can also use a
stylesheet that you have written yourself.  Finally, you can specify a
stylesheet in this module.  The options presented in this module are
tuned for accessibility purposes, especially for people with reduced
vision.</para>

<para>Your choices here affect every &kde; application that renders HTML
with &kde;'s own renderer, which is called khtml.  These include
&kmail;, &khelpcenter; and of course &konqueror;.  Choices here do not
affect other browsers such as &Netscape;.</para>

<para>The module has two pages, <guilabel>General</guilabel>, where you
can choose which stylesheet to use, and <guilabel>Customize</guilabel>
where you can design an accessibility stylesheet.</para>

</sect2>

<sect2 id="css-general">
<title>General</title>

<para>This page contains the following options:</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use default stylesheet</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>&kde; will use the default stylesheet.  Some of the colors will
default to those defined in your chosen color scheme.  Most settings are
easily overridden by the page you are viewing.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use user-defined stylesheet</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>&kde; will use a stylesheet that you have written yourself. You
can use the browse button to locate the stylesheet on your system.
<acronym>CSS</acronym> files traditionally have a <literal
role="extension">.css</literal> extension, but this is not
required.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use accessibility stylesheet defined in
&quot;Customize&quot;-tab</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Use the settings defined in the <guilabel>Customize</guilabel>
tab.  Enabling this option will enable the options on the
<guilabel>Customize</guilabel> page.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect2>

<sect2 id="css-customize">
<title>Customize</title>

<para>Here you can set up a user stylesheet.  The options available are
only a subset of the instructions you can add in a stylesheet, and they
are geared towards people with reduced vision, to allow users to create
a stylesheet that makes web pages and the &kde; help files more
readable.</para>

<para>The options on this page are disabled unless you chose
<guilabel>Use accessibility stylesheet defined in
&quot;Customize&quot;-tab</guilabel> on the previous page.</para>

<sect3>
<title><guilabel>Font Family</guilabel></title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Base family</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Choose a font family to use for body text.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use same family for all text</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>If you enable this, then the same font family will be used for all
text, regardless of the settings on the page you are viewing.  This is
useful for pages which have used a decorative or hard to read font for
headlines.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</sect3>

<sect3>
<title>Font Size</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Base Font Size</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>This is the default size for text on the page.  Many web sites set
their font sizes relative to this default, using <quote>larger</quote>
or <quote>+1</quote> to make the text bigger, and <quote>smaller</quote>
or <quote>-1</quote> to make the text smaller.</para>
<para>Many people design their web pages on platforms where the ordinary
default text size is too large for the average user to read, so it is
very common to come across web pages that have forced the font smaller
in this way.</para>
<para>This setting will allow you to set the default font to a
comfortable size, so that the relative sizes are also enlarged enough to
be comfortable.</para>
<para>Do not forget you can also have &konqueror; enforce a minimum size,
so that text is <emphasis>never</emphasis> too small to read.  Set that
under Behavior, in the Web Browser section in &kcontrol;.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use same size for all elements</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>If you enable this option, then all text will be rendered at your
specified font size, regardless of the instructions the page contains.
Relative font sizes as discussed earlier, and even specific instructions
that text should be rendered at a certain size will be overridden
here.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</sect3>

<sect3>
<title>Colors</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Black on White</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Many people with reduced vision find black text on a white screen
gives the most contrast, and is easiest to read.  If this applies to
you, you can set this here.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>White on Black</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Many other people with reduced vision find the opposite to be
true, that white text on a black screen is easier to read.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Custom</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Still other people find that pure black and white, in either
order, is difficult to read.  You can set custom colors here for both
the <guilabel>Background</guilabel> and the
<guilabel>Foreground</guilabel>.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Use same color for all text</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Many web sites use a different, often contrasting color for
headings or other flourishes.  If this interferes with your ability to
read the content, you can enable this checkbox to have &kde; use the
colors you have set above for all text.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect3>

<sect3>
<title>Images</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Suppress images</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>If you do not want to view images, you can turn this off
here.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Suppress background images</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>One major problem for reduced vision users is that background
images do not give sufficient contrast to allow them to read the text.
You can disable background images here, independently of your choice
above to view all images.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect3>

<sect3>
<title>Preview</title>

<para>The <guibutton>Preview</guibutton> allows you to see the effect of
your changes.  A window will pop up, showing how several types of
headings will appear with your stylesheet, and a sentence in the default
body text.</para>

<para>This should allow you to fine tune your stylesheet until you have
something that you can comfortably read.</para>

<para>Happy surfing!</para>

</sect3>

</sect2>

</sect1>

</article>
