<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">

<sect1 id="uachanger">
<sect1info>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Gardner</firstname>
<surname>Bell</surname>
<affiliation><address><email>gbell72@rogers.com</email></address></affiliation>
</author>

<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS --> 
</authorgroup>

<date>2004-07-13</date>
<releaseinfo>3.10.00</releaseinfo>

<abstract>
<para>The uachanger adds a menu to &konqueror; that allows you to
change the Browser and Operating System identification on a
domain-by-domain basis. This is useful when browsing websites that
limit access to those using a particular web browser.</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeaddons</keyword>
<keyword>konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>plugins</keyword>
<keyword>uachanger</keyword>
</keywordset>

</sect1info>

<title>The User Agent Changer</title>

<sect2>
<title>Using the User Agent Changer</title>

<para>The &konqueror; uachanger plugin can be accessed in the menubar under <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guimenuitem>Change Browser Identification</guimenuitem></menuchoice></para>
<!-- ************************************ -->
<!-- We probably need an entity for Mozilla, and I should check about -->
<!-- trademark stuff for the MS browsers (Phil)-->
<!-- ************************************ -->
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Default Identification</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>The default User Agent header for &konqueror; is Mozilla/5.0(compatible;Konqueror/3.2)(KHTML, like Gecko).  If you come across a site that refuses this browser access, change your User Agent to one of the options below.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Internet Explorer</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to change your User Agent header to MSIE for sites that refuse <application>Mozilla</application>-based browsers entry.  You will most likely need to use one of the MSIE User Agents if you wish to use &konqueror; to access Hotmail.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Mozilla</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Allows you to change the User Agent header in &konqueror; to appear as <application>Mozilla</application> version 1.2.1 through 1.6</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Netscape Navigator</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Pages that don't comply with W3C recommendations, or were written using proprietary &HTML; elements and attributes will render correctly if you choose to send the User Agent of these old browsers.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Other</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>This section contains miscellaneous browsers that you can use to change your User Agent.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Apply To Entire Site</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>This option allows you to specify that the defined User Agent applies across every page on the site you are visiting.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Configure</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>Selecting <guimenuitem>Configure</guimenuitem> allows you to fine tune the amount of information you wish to reveal about the browser and operating system being used.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect2>

<sect2>
<title>Credits</title>

<para>The User Agent Changer plugin is Copyright &copy;
2001 Dawit Alemayehu. 

<email>adawit@kde.org</email></para>
</sect2>

</sect1>
</article>
