<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">
<title>Samba Status Information</title>
<articleinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Alexander.Neundorf;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup> 

<date>2002-02-12</date>
<releaseinfo>3.00.00</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>KControl</keyword>
<keyword>Samba</keyword>
<keyword>system information</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<sect1 id="sambastatus">


<title>Samba Status Information</title>

<para>The Samba and <acronym>NFS</acronym> Status Monitor is a front end
to the programs <command>smbstatus</command> and
<command>showmount</command>.  Smbstatus reports on current Samba
connections, and is part of the suite of Samba tools, which implements
the <acronym>SMB</acronym> (Session Message Block) protocol, also called
the NetBIOS or LanManager protocol.</para>

<para>This protocol can be used to provide printer sharing or drive
sharing services on a network including machines running the various
flavors of &Microsoft; &Windows;.</para>

<para><command>showmount</command> is part of the <acronym>NFS</acronym>
software package. <acronym>NFS</acronym> stands for Network File System
and is the traditional &UNIX; way to share folders over the
network. In this case the output of <command>showmount</command>
<option>-a localhost</option> is parsed. On some systems showmount is in
<filename class="directory">/usr/sbin</filename>, check if you have
showmount in your <envar>PATH</envar>.</para>

<sect2 id="smb-exports">
<title>Exports</title>

<para>On this page you can see a big list which shows the currently
active connections to Samba shares and <acronym>NFS</acronym> exports of
your machine.  The first column shows you whether the resource is a Samba
(<acronym>SMB</acronym>) share or a <acronym>NFS</acronym> export. The
second column contains the name of the share, the third the name of the
remote host, which accesses this share. The remaining columns have only
a meaning for Samba-shares.</para>

<para>The fourth column contains the User <abbrev>ID</abbrev> of the
user, who accesses this share. Note that this does not have to be equal
to the &UNIX; user <abbrev>ID</abbrev> of this user. The same applies
for the next column, which displays the group <abbrev>ID</abbrev> of the
user.</para>

<para>Each connection to one of your shares is handled by a single
process (<command>smbd</command>), the next column shows the process
<abbrev>ID</abbrev> (<acronym>pid</acronym>) of this
<command>smbd</command>. If you kill this process the connected user
will be disconnected. If the remote user works from &Windows;, as soon
as this process is killed a new one will be created, so he will almost
not notice it.</para>

<para>The last column shows how many files this user has currently open.
Here you see only, how many files he has <emphasis>open</emphasis> just
now, you don't see how many he copied or formerly opened &etc;</para>

</sect2>

<sect2 id="smb-imports">
<title>Imports</title>

<para> Here you see which Samba- and <acronym>NFS</acronym>-shares from
other hosts are mounted on your local system. The first column shows
wether it is a Samba- or <acronym>NFS</acronym>-share, the second column
displays the name of the share, and the third shows where it is
mounted.</para>

<para>The mounted <acronym>NFS</acronym>-shares you should see on
&Linux; (this has been tested), and it should also work on &Solaris;
(this has not been tested).</para>

</sect2>

<sect2 id="smb-log"> 
<title>Log</title> 

<para>This page presents the contents of your local samba log file in a
nice way. If you open this page, the list will be empty.  You have to
press the <guibutton>Update</guibutton> button, then the samba log file
will be read and the results displayed. Check whether the samba log file
on your system is really at the location as specified in the input
line. If it is somewhere else or if it has another name, correct
it. After changing the file name you have to press
<guibutton>Update</guibutton> again.</para>

<para>Samba logs its actions according to the log level (see
<filename>smb.conf</filename>).  If loglevel = 1, samba logs only when
somebody connects to your machine and when this connection is closed
again. If log level = 2, it logs also if somebody opens a file and if he
closes the file again.  If the log level is higher than 2, yet more
stuff is logged.</para>

<para>If you are interested in who accesses your machine, and which
files are accessed, you should set the log level to 2 and regularly
create a new samba log file (&eg; set up a <command>cron</command> task
which once a week moves your current samba log file into another
folder or something like that). Otherwise your samba log file may
become very big.</para>

<para>With the four checkboxes below the big list you can decide, which
events are displayed in the list. You have to press
<guibutton>Update</guibutton> to see the results.  If the log level of
your samba is too low, you won't see everything.</para>

<para>By clicking on the header of one column you can sort the list by
this column.</para>

</sect2>


<sect2 id="smb-statistics">
<title>Statistics</title>

<para>On this page you can filter the contents of the third page for
certain contents.</para>

<para>Let's say the <guilabel>Event</guilabel> field (not the one in the
list) is set to <userinput>Connection</userinput>,
<guilabel>Service/File</guilabel> is set to <userinput>*</userinput>,
<guilabel>Host/User</guilabel> is set to <userinput>*</userinput>,
<guilabel>Show expanded service info</guilabel> is disabled and
<guilabel>Show expanded host info</guilabel> is disabled.</para>

<para>If you press <guibutton>Update</guibutton> now, you will see how
often a connection was opened to share <literal>*</literal> (&ie; to any
share) from host <literal>*</literal> (&ie; from any host).  Now enable
<guilabel>Show expanded host info</guilabel> and press
<guibutton>Update</guibutton> again.  Now you will see for every host
which matches the wildcard <literal>*</literal>, how many connections
were opened by him.</para>

<para>Now press <guibutton>clear</guibutton>.</para>

<para>Now set the <guilabel>Event</guilabel> field to File Access and
enable <guilabel>Show expanded service info</guilabel> and press
<guibutton>Update</guibutton> again.</para>

<para>Now you will see how often every single file was accessed. If you
enable <guilabel>Show expanded host info</guilabel> too, you will see
how often every single user opened each file.</para>

<para>In the input lines <guilabel>Service/File</guilabel> and
<guilabel>Host/User</guilabel> you can use the wildcards
<literal>*</literal> and <literal>?</literal> in the same way you use
them at the command line.  Regular expressions are not
recognized.</para>

<para>By clicking on the header of a column you can sort the list by
this column.  This way you can check out which file was opened most
often, or which user opened the most files or whatever.</para>

</sect2>


<sect2 id="smb-stat-author">
<title>Section Author</title>

<para>Module copyright 2000: Michael Glauche and &Alexander.Neundorf; &Alexander.Neundorf.mail;</para>

<para>Originally written by: Michael Glauche</para>

<para>Currently maintained by: &Alexander.Neundorf; &Alexander.Neundorf.mail;</para>

<itemizedlist>
<title>Contributors</title>
<listitem><para>Conversion to kcontrol applet:</para>
<para>&Matthias.Hoelzer-Kluepfel; &Matthias.Hoelzer-Kluepfel.mail;</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Use of <classname>K3Process</classname> instead of popen, and more error checking:</para>
<para>&David.Faure; &David.Faure.mail;</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Conversion to kcmodule, added tab pages 2,3,4, bug
fixed:</para>
<para>&Alexander.Neundorf; &Alexander.Neundorf.mail;</para></listitem>
</itemizedlist>

<para>Documentation copyright 2000 &Alexander.Neundorf; &Alexander.Neundorf.mail;</para>

<para>Documentation translated to docbook by &Mike.McBride; &Mike.McBride.mail;</para>

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

</sect2>
</sect1>

</article>