<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">

<sect1 id="babel">
<sect1info>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Lauri</firstname>
<surname>Watts</surname>
<affiliation><address>&Lauri.Watts.mail;</address></affiliation>
</author>

<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS --> 
</authorgroup>

<date>2006-02-26</date>
<releaseinfo>3.5.1</releaseinfo> <!-- Used KDE version -->

<abstract>
<para>The Babel &konqueror; plugin gives you quick access to the
Babelfish translation service.</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeaddons</keyword>
<keyword>konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>plugins</keyword>
<keyword>babelfish</keyword>
<keyword>translate</keyword>
</keywordset>
</sect1info>

<title>The Babel &konqueror; plugin</title>

<sect2>
<title>Using the Babelfish plugin</title>

<para>Babelfish is a machine translation service provided by <ulink
url="http://babel.altavista.com/">AltaVista</ulink>.</para>

<para>The plugin allows you to automatically translate web pages
between several languages.</para>

<para>The Babelfish plugin can be accessed in the &konqueror; menubar 
under <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu>
<guimenuitem>Translate Web Page</guimenuitem></menuchoice>.
Select from the list that drops down the language to translate from 
and the language to translate to.</para>

<para>If you have a portion of the text on the page selected, that
will be translated instead of the entire &URL;.</para>

<para>Not all languages are available from the Babelfish service.</para>

<important>
<para>Machine translation is not a perfect science!  Babelfish will at
best give you a rough translation, and at worst will give you a very
funny read.  Don't base important decisions on things you have read
from a Babelfish translated page, without confirming that the
translation is indeed accurate.</para>
</important>

<note> 
<para>You may only translate web pages that are accessible on the
world wide web.  To translate any other text, you should go directly
to the Babelfish site itself, where you are able to paste in text for
translation.</para>
</note>

</sect2>

<sect2>
<title>Credits</title>

<para>The Babelfish plugin is copyright (C) 
2001 &Kurt.Granroth;

&Kurt.Granroth.mail;</para>

<para>Documentation Copyright 2002 &Lauri.Watts;
&Lauri.Watts.mail;</para>

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

</sect2>
</sect1>
</article>
