<chapter id="misc-questions">
<title>Miscellaneous Questions</title>

<qandaset id="misclist">
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>Has &dolphin; replaced &konqueror;?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>
&dolphin; is not intended to be a competitor to &konqueror;: &konqueror; acts as
universal viewer being able to show &HTML; pages, text documents, folders and a
lot more, whereas &dolphin; focuses on being only a file manager. This approach
allows to optimize the user interface for the task of file management.
</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>How can I get involved with the development of &dolphin;?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>
The easiest way to get involved with &dolphin; is to drop the developers an email.
If you email Peter Penz (Lead Developer/Project Leader), what you can do, how
much time you can devote &etc;, he will let you know what you can do in the
project. If you wish to contribute to the documentation you can also email
Peter Penz.
</para>
<para>
The email address of Peter Penz can be found on the main page of the
documentation, or in the <link linkend="credits">Credits section</link>.
</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>How can I submit bug reports?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>
The official channel for submitting bug reports is via the &kde; bug tracking
system. The &kde; bug tracker can be found at
<ulink url="http://bugs.kde.org">http://bugs.kde.org</ulink>.
</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>How can I submit feature requests?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>
The official channel for submitting feature requests is via the &kde; bug
tracking system. The &kde; bug tracker can be found at
<ulink url="http://bugs.kde.org">http://bugs.kde.org</ulink>.
</para>

</answer>

</qandaentry>
</qandaset>
</chapter>
