<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article id="performance" lang="&language;">
<articleinfo>
<title>Performance</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Mike.McBride; &Mike.McBride.mail;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2016-11-08</date>
<releaseinfo>Applications 16.12</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>Systemsettings</keyword>
<keyword>performance</keyword>
<keyword>preload</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<sect1 id="sys-performance">
<title>Performance Settings</title>

<para>&konqueror; is used on a wide variety of computers by a wide variety of users. Under the category of performance, this dialog allows each user to adjust options which may make the computer that &konqueror; is installed on feel more responsive. </para>

<sect2><title>Preloading</title>
<para>The subsection labeled <guilabel>Preloading</guilabel> makes a tradeoff between memory and performance.</para>

<para><emphasis>Preloading</emphasis> refers to loading an instance of &konqueror; into memory before a user asks to start &konqueror;. The positive effect of this is that when a user asks to load &konqueror; the window appears instantly because most of the application has been preloaded. The negative effect is that this instance of &konqueror; uses memory that could be used by other programs. By default, when a user closes &konqueror;, the instance is not closed. This means that the next time a user wants &konqueror; loaded, it is nearly instantaneous again.</para>

<para>The final check box labeled <guilabel>Always try to have at least one preloaded instance</guilabel> signals that you always want to have one preloaded, but not used, instance of &konqueror; available. This option will actually decrease performance on some machines (especially those with limited physical memory).</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</article>
