<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY nsplugins-kcontrol SYSTEM "nsplugin.docbook">
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article lang="&language;">
<articleinfo>
<title>AdBlocK Filters</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Krishna.Tateneni; &Krishna.Tateneni.mail;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2009-11-24</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.4</releaseinfo>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>Systemsettings</keyword>
<keyword>konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>browsing</keyword>
<keyword>filter</keyword>
</keywordset>

</articleinfo>

<sect1 id="khtml-adblock">
<title>AdBlocK</title>

<para>&konqueror; AdBlocK can be configured to replace or remove
images or frames from web pages that match a series of filters.</para>

<para>The setting <guilabel>Enable filters</guilabel> enables or
disables the use of list of URL filters.</para>
<para>If <guilabel>Hide filtered images</guilabel> is enabled then
blocked images are completely removed from the page and the space they
occupied is reclaimed. If the option is disabled then a placeholder
image is used in place of filtered images.</para>

<para><guilabel>URL Expressions to Filter</guilabel> is a list of
URLs that will be compared against image and frame names to decide
on fitlering actions. The wildcards can be given as filename style
regular expressions.</para>

<para>Use the <guilabel>Search</guilabel> edit box above the list box 
to filter matching entries an the fly.</para>

<para>Each filter can either be expressed as a file style wildcard
string (e.g. http://www.site.com/ads/*) or as a full regular expression
by enclosing the filter with forward slashes (e.g. //(ads|dclk)\./).</para>

<para>Any filter string can be preceded by <literal>@@</literal> to whitelist 
(allow) any matching &URL;, which takes priority over any blacklist (blocking) 
filter.</para>

<para><guilabel>Import</guilabel> and <guilabel>Export</guilabel> will 
save or read the current filter list to a
plain text file. Lines prefixed with an exclamation mark (!) are treated
as comments and can be used to clarify or label a set of filters.</para>

<para>Highlight an entry from the list to change it in the edit box or remove this item.
Enter a new filter string here and add it to the list using the <guibutton>
Insert</guibutton> button.</para>
</sect1>

</article>
