<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" 
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY kappname "&konqueror; Plugins">
  <!ENTITY package "kdeaddons">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>
	
<book lang="&language;">
<bookinfo>
<title>The &konqueror; Plugins Handbook</title>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Lauri</firstname>
<surname>Watts</surname>
<affiliation><address>&Lauri.Watts.mail;</address></affiliation>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->    
</authorgroup>


<date>2006-05-20</date>
<releaseinfo>3.5.2</releaseinfo> <!-- Used KDE version here -->

<copyright>
<year>2002</year>
<holder>&Lauri.Watts;</holder>
</copyright>

<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;</legalnotice>

<abstract>
<para>
This is the handbook for the additional plugins for &konqueror; the
&kde; file manager and web browser.
</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeaddons</keyword>
<keyword>Konqueror</keyword>
<keyword>Plugins</keyword>
</keywordset>

</bookinfo>

<chapter id="introduction">
<title>Introduction</title>

<para>
The &package; package contains several plugins for &konqueror;.
Despite their small size, they provide additional functions and ease
the use of some of the functions &konqueror; already contains, by
making them more accessible.
</para>

<para> 
More information on the use of &konqueror; and its built in
functionality, can be found in the &konqueror; handbook.
</para>

<para>
To load these plugins from within &konqueror;, select 
<menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Configure Extensions...</guimenuitem></menuchoice>
to open a dialog with all installed plugins and select the ones you need.
</para>

<para>
This is a list of the <emphasis>standard</emphasis> configuration
modules provided by the <application role="package">&kde; addons</application>
package. Please note that there may be many more modules on your system if you
have installed additional software.
</para>

<itemizedlist>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/babel/index.html">Babelfish</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/domtreeviewer/index.html">The <acronym>DOM</acronym> tree 
viewer</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/imgallery/index.html">The &konqueror; image
gallery</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<!--
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/mediaplayer/index.html">The Embedded Media
Player</ulink></para>
</listitem>
-->
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/validators/index.html">The
Validators</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/dirfilter/index.html">The Folder
Filter</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/khtmlsettings/index.html">KHTMLSettings</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/uachanger/index.html">The User Agent Changer</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/webarchiver/index.html">The Web
Archiver</ulink></para>
</listitem>
<listitem>
<para><ulink url="help:/konq-plugins/fsview/index.html">FSView - the File
System View</ulink></para>
</listitem>
</itemizedlist>

</chapter>

<chapter id="credits">
<title>Credits and License</title>

<para>
Copyrights for each plugin are listed in the applicable chapter.
</para>

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->
&underFDL;
&underGPL;

</chapter>

<appendix id="installation">
<title>Installation</title>

&install.intro.documentation;

<para>You should install the kdebase package which contains
&konqueror; before attempting to compile this package.</para>

&install.compile.documentation;

</appendix>


</book>

<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
End:
-->
