<chapter id="faq">
<chapterinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Pamela.Roberts;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2010-10-24</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.5</releaseinfo>
</chapterinfo>

<title>Questions and Answers</title>

<qandaset>

<!-- Link is dead, unfortunately. I suppose this is a more general thing anyway
<qandaentry>
<question><para>How can I browse web sites using non latin
 scripts?</para></question>
<answer><para>Detailed instructions can be found at <ulink
url="http://www.konqueror.org/i18n.html">http://www.konqueror.org/i18n.html</ulink></para></answer>
</qandaentry>
-->

<qandaentry>
<question><para>Can I run &konqueror; from another window
manager?</para></question>

<answer><para>Just install &Qt;, kdelibs and kdebase, and from your favorite
window manager, launch &konqueror;. It should work just fine, but if it
doesn't (&kde; developers don't test that case often), report it to <ulink
url="http://bugs.kde.org">http://bugs.kde.org</ulink> and try running
<application>kdeinit</application> before running &konqueror;; it usually
helps.</para></answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>Where does &konqueror; keep all its configuration
data?</para></question>
<answer><para>Generally in the <filename>~/.kde</filename> folder (this may 
be <filename>~/.kde4</filename> on your system, depending on how &kde;  
was installed). Don't alter these files unless you really know what you are 
doing.</para>

<itemizedlist>

<listitem><para>The <filename
class="directory">~/.kde/share/apps/konqueror/profiles</filename> folder
holds individual files containing settings for each of your <link
linkend="save-settings">profiles.  </link></para></listitem>

<listitem><para>Your bookmarks are held in <filename
class="directory">~/.kde/share/apps/konqueror/bookmarks.xml</filename></para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Cookies are held in <filename
class="directory">~/.kde/share/apps/kcookiejar/cookies</filename></para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Your history, as used for the auto-completion feature,  is in
<filename>~/.kde/share/config/konq_history</filename></para></listitem>

<listitem><para>In the folder <filename
class="directory">~/.kde/share/config/</filename> the files
<filename>konqiconviewrc</filename>, <filename>konqlistviewrc</filename> and
<filename>konquerorrc</filename> hold a whole lot of general configuration
settings.</para></listitem>

<listitem><para>The folder
<filename class="directory">~/.kde/share/cache-<replaceable>hostname</replaceable>/http/</filename> 
contains the browser cache.</para></listitem>

<listitem><para>The Sidebar uses the files and subfolders in
<filename
class="directory">~/.kde/share/apps/konqsidebartng</filename></para></listitem>
</itemizedlist>

<para>Any folder specific view settings are put into <literal
role="extension">.directory</literal> files in the individual
folders.</para></answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>How do I clear out the history file?</para></question>
<answer><para>There are two <quote>histories</quote>:</para>
<itemizedlist>
<listitem><para>One is used for text completion in the Location Toolbar text entry
box. To clear this <mousebutton>right</mousebutton> click on the text entry
box and select <guimenuitem>Clear History
</guimenuitem>.</para>
</listitem>
<listitem><para>The other is the log of visited locations. Select the History
page in the Sidebar, 
<mousebutton>right</mousebutton> click on an entry and choose
<guimenuitem>Remove Entry</guimenuitem> (<keycap>Del</keycap>) to remove just that entry or
<guimenuitem>Clear History</guimenuitem> to delete all
entries.</para></listitem>
</itemizedlist>
<note><para>You can also use the application <application>Sweeper</application> from 
the kdeutils module which allows you to clean up cookies, favicons, web history and cache, 
form completion entries and cache policies of visited websites.</para></note>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>How do I enable, disable or clear the browser
cache?</para></question> <answer>
<para>If you select <menuchoice><guimenu>Web Browsing</guimenu><guimenuitem>Cache</guimenuitem>
</menuchoice> in the dialog launched by selecting  
<menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Configure Konqueror...
</guimenuitem></menuchoice>, you will be presented with a dialog box that lets 
you disable the cache, clear it or set its size, and change the caching 
policy.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>How can I change the timeout values used by &konqueror; 
when web browsing?</para></question> <answer>
<para>In the &systemsettings; category <guilabel>Network and Connectivity</guilabel>
on the <menuchoice><guimenu>Network Settings</guimenu>
<guimenuitem>Connection Preferences</guimenuitem></menuchoice> page.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>How do I set my <quote>home</quote> page - the page loaded
on startup?</para></question>
<answer><para>&konqueror; has a <guilabel>Home Folder</guilabel> used in file manager mode
and a <guilabel>Home Page</guilabel> used in browser mode.</para>

<para>To change these settings launch 
<menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Configure
Konqueror</guimenuitem><guilabel>General</guilabel></menuchoice>.</para>

<para>To set the &konqueror; startup page in filemanager mode select 
<guilabel>Show Introduction Page</guilabel>, <guilabel>Show My Home 
Page</guilabel>, <guilabel>Show Blank Page</guilabel> or <guilabel>Show 
My Bookmarks</guilabel> from the drop down box labeled <guilabel>When 
Konqueror starts</guilabel>.</para>

<para>In browser mode &konqueror; starts with the <guilabel>Home 
page</guilabel> entry.</para>

</answer>
</qandaentry>

<qandaentry>
<question><para>I can't find the answer to my question here.</para></question> 
<answer>
<para>Take a look at <ulink url="http://www.konqueror.org/faq.html">
http://www.konqueror.org/faq.html</ulink> or 
<ulink url="http://www.konqueror.org/konq-java.html">
http://www.konqueror.org/konq-java.html</ulink>.</para>
<para>You may find further information in the <ulink url="http://forum.kde.org/">
KDE Community Forums</ulink> or on <ulink url="http://userbase.kde.org/Konqueror">
Konqueror's KDE Userbase page</ulink>.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>

</qandaset>

</chapter>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-minimize-attributes: nil
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
sgml-parent-document:("index.docbook" "book" "chapter")
End:
-->
