<chapter id="path-complete">

<chapterinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Pamela.Roberts;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup> 

<date>2010-10-26</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.5</releaseinfo>
</chapterinfo>


<title>Automatic Text Completion</title> 

<para>You can get &konqueror; to help you enter a path or &URL; into the
Location Toolbar by enabling one of the <guimenuitem>Text Completion</guimenuitem>
features. To do this <mousebutton>right</mousebutton>
 click on a clear part of the Location Toolbar text entry box and select 
<guisubmenu>Text Completion</guisubmenu> from the pop up menu. This will let you 
choose between the following options:</para>

<variablelist>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>None</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>What you get is what you type.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Manual</guimenuitem></term>
<!-- in 4.5 I see no diff to None -->
<listitem><para>When you have typed part of a path or &URL;, pressing 
<keycombo action="simul">&Ctrl;<keycap>E</keycap></keycombo> or &Tab; will complete the entry if it is 
possible to do so unambiguously.</para></listitem> 
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Automatic</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>As you type into the Location Toolbar window &konqueror; will 
automatically extend what you type to complete one possible path or &URL;,  
highlighting the characters it has added. Continue typing if that's not what 
you wanted or press &Enter; to accept it.</para></listitem>
 </varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Dropdown List</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>A drop-down window will appear as you type, showing the
possible matches to what you have typed so far. When the path or &URL; that 
you want appears in the window click on it with the &LMB;. 
You can also use the 
<keysym>Down Arrow</keysym> or &Tab; and <keysym>Up Arrow</keysym> or
<keycombo action="simul">&Shift;&Tab;</keycombo>
keys to select it then press &Enter;.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Short Automatic</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>This is like Automatic mode except that it only extends 
what you have typed as far as the next <keycap>/</keycap> symbol in the path 
or &URL;. Press <keycombo action="simul">&Ctrl;<keycap>E</keycap></keycombo> or &Tab; to accept the 
suggestion, &Enter; when the complete path or &URL; is 
shown.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Dropdown List &amp; Automatic</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>This is a combination of both options described above.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guimenuitem>Default</guimenuitem></term>
<listitem><para>This item appears at the bottom of the submenu and enables you
to switch to the default behaviour <guimenuitem>Dropdown List</guimenuitem>.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
<!-- Entf + substring completion F7 ???-->
</variablelist>
<para>You should try out these different modes and pick the one that suits you
 best.</para>
<para>The history of recently visited &URL;s that &konqueror; uses for the 
Text Completion function can be viewed and edited in the <guilabel>History
</guilabel> page of the <link linkend="sidebar">Sidebar</link>.</para>

</chapter>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-minimize-attributes: nil
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
sgml-parent-document:("index.docbook" "book" "chapter")
End:
-->
