<chapter id="plugins">

<chapterinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Pamela.Roberts;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2010-05-16</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.5</releaseinfo>
</chapterinfo>


<title>Plugins</title>

<sect1 id="netscape-plugin">
<title>&Netscape; Plugins</title>

<para>Currently, &konqueror; supports &Netscape; plugins.</para>

<para>Selecting <menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>
Configure Konqueror...</guimenuitem>
</menuchoice> opens the configuration dialog. Select the 
<guilabel>Plugins</guilabel> page, where you find two tabs;
<guilabel>Global Settings</guilabel> to enable plugins and configure 
how they are used in &konqueror; and the <guilabel>Plugins</guilabel>
which shows you the &Netscape; plugins that &kde; has found
and allows you to scan for plugins.</para>

<para>For more information see the <ulink url="help:/kcontrol/khtml-plugins/index.html">
Browser Plugins</ulink> help page.</para>

</sect1>

<sect1 id="konq-plugin">
<title>&konqueror; Plugins</title>

<para>The &kde; module extragear contains several useful plugins that interact with
&konqueror; in various ways. These are explained briefly below.</para>
<!--NO ENTRY KONQ PLUGINS IN HELPCENTER NAVIGATION TREE IN KDE4
, more detailed information may be obtained by looking through the <guimenuitem>Konqueror 
Plugins</guimenuitem> section in the &kde; Help Center
How to access the doc in extragear/base/doc/konq-plugins???
-->
<para>Use <menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Configure Extensions...
</guimenuitem></menuchoice> to open a dialog with all installed plugins and select
the ones you need. All plugins are accessible in the <guimenu>Tools</guimenu> menu.</para>

<variablelist>
<title>Browser Mode</title>
<varlistentry>
<term>Web Page Translation</term>
<listitem><para>This uses AltaVista's BabelFish site to translate the current
<acronym>HTML</acronym> page to whatever language you want (within reason). It
can be launched with <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Translate
Web Page</guisubmenu></menuchoice>.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>DOM Tree Viewer</term>
<listitem><para>Selecting <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Show
DOM Tree</guisubmenu></menuchoice> opens a new window which displays the
document object model (DOM) of the current <acronym>HTML</acronym>
page.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>HTML Validator</term>
<listitem><para>This is started with
<menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Validate Web
Page</guisubmenu><guimenuitem>Validate HTML</guimenuitem></menuchoice>. It
uses the W3C HTML validator to validate the current page, very useful when
creating web pages.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>CSS Validator</term>
<listitem><para>Started with
<menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Validate Web
Page</guisubmenu><guimenuitem>Validate CSS</guimenuitem></menuchoice>, it uses
the W3C CSS validator to validate the current page's Cascading Style
Sheets.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>HTML Settings</term>
<listitem><para>Select <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>HTML
Settings</guisubmenu></menuchoice> to enable or disable a number of HTML
settings without going through the <guimenu>Settings</guimenu> dialog.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>User Agent Changer</term>
<listitem><para>Select <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Change
Browser Identification</guisubmenu></menuchoice> to get a menu that allows
you to change the User Agent string without going through the <guimenu>Settings
</guimenu> dialog procedure.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>Archive Web Page</term>
<listitem><para>Invoked with <menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>
Archive Web Page</guisubmenu></menuchoice>, this tool creates an archive 
(<literal role="extension">.war</literal> ) file containing the web page being 
viewed including the images. <mousebutton>Left</mousebutton> click on the 
archive file name to view the saved page.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

</variablelist>

<variablelist>
<title>Filemanager Mode</title>
<varlistentry>
<term>Folder View Filter</term>
<listitem><para>This is controlled by
<menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>View
Filter</guisubmenu></menuchoice> and allows you to choose which types of item
are displayed in a folder.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>Image Gallery</term>
<listitem><para>In File Manager mode, you can select
<menuchoice><guimenu>Tools</guimenu><guisubmenu>Create Image
Gallery</guisubmenu></menuchoice> to create an HTML page with
thumbnails of all the images in the current folder. By default the HTML page
is called <filename>images.html</filename> and the thumbnails are put into a
new <filename>thumbs</filename> folder.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>Search Bar</term>
<listitem><para>Provides a text box for easy access to search engines like Google.
Clicking on the icon on the left side of the search box opens a menu to select
and enable different search engines and configure their <ulink 
url="help:/kcontrol/ebrowsing/index.html">Web Shortcuts</ulink>.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term>Shell Command Plugin</term>
<listitem><para>This plugin enables you to execute a shell command in the current folder
and view the output in a separate window.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<!--not build in 4.4
<varlistentry>
<term>Sidebar Media Player</term>
<listitem><para>This is a simple media player, embedded as a tab page in the
Sidebar. You can drag songs or videos onto this page to play them.
</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
-->
</variablelist>

</sect1>



</chapter>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-minimize-attributes: nil
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
sgml-parent-document:("index.docbook" "book" "chapter")
End:
-->
