<chapter id="save-settings">

<chapterinfo>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Pamela.Roberts;</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2010-02-26</date>
<releaseinfo>&kde; 4.4</releaseinfo>
</chapterinfo>

<title>Saving Settings &amp; Profiles</title>
<sect1 id="save-settings-general">
<title>General Settings</title>
<para>When you close down &konqueror; your current <guimenu>View</guimenu> 
menu settings (such as the <guimenuitem>View Mode</guimenuitem>, 
<guimenuitem>Use index.html</guimenuitem> and <guimenuitem>Show Hidden Files
</guimenuitem> items) are not automatically saved as the default
options; however, you can have &konqueror; remember these settings by
selecting <menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Save View
Profile As...</guimenuitem></menuchoice> and the current
setting will become the default option to be used the next time
&konqueror; is started.</para>

<para>But you can also specify different <guimenu>View</guimenu> menu settings
for an individual folder. To do this select <menuchoice><guimenu>View</guimenu>
<guimenuitem>Adjust View Properties...</guimenuitem></menuchoice>,
change the <guimenu>View</guimenu> settings in the dialog to whatever you want. Then apply 
the view properties to the <guilabel>Current folder</guilabel>. Doing this
creates a <filename>.directory</filename> file in that folder to hold the
folder <guimenu>View</guimenu> settings. Use this dialog again to remove the folder specific
settings (or just delete the <filename>.directory</filename> file).</para>
<note><para>One nice use of this feature is if you have a folder full of
pictures, you can set that particular folder to display thumbnails of the
pictures (by choosing the <menuchoice><guisubmenu>View Mode</guisubmenu>
<guimenuitem>Icons</guimenuitem></menuchoice> and <guimenuitem>Preview</guimenuitem> 
from the <guimenu>View</guimenu> menu) when you open it, while 
not displaying images as thumbnails in other folders.</para></note>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="save-settings-view-profiles">
<title>View Profiles</title>
<para>&konqueror; can save a whole set of options as a <quote>View
Profile</quote>. Some view profiles are part of the standard &konqueror;
installation, such as <property>Web Browsing</property>, <property>File
Management</property>, <property>KDE Development</property>, 
<property>Midnight Commander</property> and <property>Tabbed Browsing</property>;
but you can add your own, too.</para>

<para>To modify a view profile (say, the <property>Web Browsing</property>
profile), load the profile with
<menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guisubmenu>Load View
Profile</guisubmenu><guimenuitem>Web Browsing</guimenuitem> </menuchoice>, and
change the &konqueror; settings to whatever you want. Now select
<menuchoice><guimenu>Settings</guimenu><guimenuitem>Save View Profile As...
</guimenuitem></menuchoice>. In the dialog which appears, you can
change the name of the profile, which will create a new profile with that name,
or you can leave the name as it is to modify the current profile. If you select
<guilabel>Save URLs in profile</guilabel>, the current &URL; will be loaded
when you load that view profile. This functions in a similar way to the
<quote>Home Page</quote> in many web browsers. If you want &konqueror; to start
up with an empty window enter <userinput>about:blank</userinput> into the
location bar before saving the profile.</para>

<note><para>You can create a desktop icon to start &konqueror; with your new
profile. First create a desktop icon by clicking with the &RMB; onto the &konqueror; 
entry in the application launcher menu. Then select <guimenuitem>Add to Desktop</guimenuitem>
in the context menu. Open the settings dialog of the new icon on your desktop by 
clicking on the <guiicon>Tools</guiicon> icon. Change <guilabel>
Command</guilabel> in the <guilabel>Application</guilabel> tab page to
<userinput><command>kfmclient</command> <option>openProfile
<replaceable>MyNewProfile</replaceable></option></userinput>,
<replaceable>MyNewProfile</replaceable> being what you called the new
profile. Then change the name to something like <filename>MyNewProfile</filename>
.</para></note>

</sect1>
</chapter>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-minimize-attributes: nil
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
sgml-parent-document:("index.docbook" "book" "chapter")
End:
-->
